- [Instructor] In this lesson, we're going to walk through
some simple tips for administering users.
You'll see that I'm logged in as our administrative user
and we're going to make some changes to the profiles
of the maintainer and the contributor accounts.
So let's head into the admin area and then navigate
to the users section on the sidebar.
First, we're going to enter the contributor's account
and we're gonna take a look at how we can edit the password
for an account.
So this is useful if somebody forgets their account
or you need to set an initial password for a user.
So once you click on the edit button,
all you need to do is type in the password for the account
and it will then be set for the user.
The next time they log in, they will need to specify
a new password, but they will be able to use that temporary
password you've provided to them.
Another neat feature that we're going to use
is the impersonate feature.
This allows us to enter GitLab as the user to see what
they see when they log in.
We're going to actually enter the settings for this user,
the contributor, and configure their preferences.
We're going to set the navigation theme for this user
to light red, and the reason we're doing this is so that
we can distinguish which user we're logged in as.
So when we see the red theme, we know that we're working
as a contributor.
I'll just navigate to the bottom of the screen
and then click on save changes.
You'll also note that within the preferences area,
you can do things like adjust the application's layout,
or specify a particular layout for the dashboard.
There's all sorts of configurations that can be applied
to a user's account to meet their preferences.
To stop impersonating a user, all we have to do
is click on the stop impersonation button at the top right
of the screen.
Now we're going to navigate into the maintainer account,
and we'll impersonate them as well, and adjust their
preferences so that they have a separate theme as well.
So once again on the sidebar, we navigate to preferences
and I'm going to set them up with a green theme.
You'll notice that the top menu now switches over to green,
so we know when we see the green theme,
we're working with a maintainer account.
So these are just a few simple customizations
that you can put in place when administering accounts
or setting up your own profile within GitLab.
We also saw how to set up a new account with a provided
password so that the user can self-service on their password
on the first login.
These can be helpful when onboarding new team members
and setting up their profiles.